# SYNC_TASK02
This Python project generates one-time passwords (OTPs) using the math and random Python modules, enhancing security through randomized authentication codes.


# OTP Generator

The OTP Generator is a Python project that provides a simple and secure way to generate one-time passwords (OTPs). These OTPs can be used for various authentication and security purposes. This project uses Python's `math` and `random` modules to generate random OTPs.

## Features

- Generate random one-time passwords (OTPs) for enhanced security.
- Simple and straightforward Python script for OTP generation.
- Customizable OTP length to suit your application's needs.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to get started with the OTP Generator:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Kunal-kawate/SYNC_TASK01.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd SYNC_TASK02
   ```

3. Run the Python script to generate an OTP:

   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```

4. The generated OTP will be displayed on the console.

## Usage

- **Customizable Length**: You can specify the desired OTP length by providing an argument when running the script.

- **Secure OTPs**: The OTPs generated by this script are based on random values, making them suitable for security-sensitive applications.

- **Integration**: You can integrate this OTP generator into your applications or systems that require secure one-time passwords.

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome. Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests to improve the script or add new features.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

Enhance security in your applications with the OTP Generator. Generate secure one-time passwords with ease!
